README.md, before:

# dst updater

As dormakaba one of the topic is to update time when the dst comes
The idea of the PoC is to have a lambda fetching all the devices needing a dst update and sending the dst to all of them

The goal of the PoC is to compare lambda rust and lambda node
The code here is not representative of a real case scenario

## architecture

One HTTP lambda woked up through a GET call providing the dst zone to send
The lambda is getting the info, perform a batch get to dynDB and send

## dst logic

for each day of the year for each timezone, we check if there is a dst change, if there is one, we do save the day into db if not we iterate until finding one, if none found return empty

spawn tasks to do the dst finding thing then write into a stream, the stream one take care of saving into the db

## to do

[] - multi threading in lambda ?
[] - what happens with the worker of a lambda failing ?
[] - make it spawn parrallel tasks to go faster: <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63434977/how-can-i-spawn-asynchronous-methods-in-a-loop>

Commit message:

clean up the read me

README.md, after:

# dst updater

As dormakaba one of the topic is to update time when the dst comes
The idea of the PoC is to have a lambda fetching all the devices needing a dst update and sending the dst to all of them

The goal of the PoC is to compare lambda rust and lambda node
The code here is not representative of a real case scenario

## architecture

One HTTP lambda woked up through a GET call running a set of dst zones saved in the code

LATER - The lambda is getting the info, perform a batch get to dynDB and send

## running the program

you need to install cargo lambda on top of cargo:
<https://github.com/cargo-lambda/cargo-lambda>

To compile for lambda run:

`cargo lambda build --release`

then zip the file named bootstrap and upload it to your lambda. 
__Important__: the zip need to be named bootstrap to work

for more information regarding rust lambda go here:

<https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/opensource/rust-runtime-for-aws-lambda/>

## TO DO

[X] - multi threading in lambda ?
    Multi threading is supported by lambda and they encourage to use it for low memory low cpu languages

[-] - what happens with the worker of a lambda failing ?
    Still not clear if we should change the clean up or not of a lambda

[-] - need to work on batch insert for better perf

[-] - need to finalize dyndb insert
